okay and you're in the final on sunday i
guess isn't the way you'd choose to do
it yeah i mean there's a very surprising
strange week for me because this
happened a couple of times and it's like
someone like roughly you know you never
expect that you know you're preparing
for all of us they're very tough match
and higher conditions here and so sure
my always enjoy playing against them it
gets better quickly can only be a good
thing for you or is there may be danger
you might get bit undercooked come
sunday i know i don't know Dom thinkers
I mean I'll don't be fresh that's for
sure but you know I need to make sure I
practice while tomorrow play some points
and practice of us stay sharp because
you know we I guess three four days and
since i played my my last match and it
doesn't happen too often into him and so
i'm not sure exactly i will respond but
i'll do all the right things to make
sure it Margo I just the question on
potential opponents for seen no black
holes in your wall batting could friends
had some tough battles and being a
rematch of the Australian to me yeah I
mean played already a couple of times
this year and you know if he'd tough
matches last year as well starting in
wrong a long seven six and a third there
and then he was heartened Cincinnati and
then obviously australian open and then
we had a good win against him to buy a
couple of weeks ago so always tough guy
to play and so thank you please very
well on this court here he's had a good
week so be very dominant I'm seeing hard
courts his favorite surface when you
look at the year that yet last year and
the progress that he made these look at
that thing that's something you could
get sort of do the same thing jumped
from you know two or three to number one
yeah i think you know if you look the
history of the last maybe seven eight
years in a raffle was a number to vine
roger i think four maybe five years four
or five years before he got to number
one Novak was three or four four five
six years before he made the jump to
number 1 i've been there
no number of three or four for about
four years now so yeah that's obviously
what what I'm aiming to do that's what
I'm working towards them you know I
don't think anybody can protect the
season like Novak had last year I mean
it's probably never going to happen for
a while a woman I when I thought there's
an unbelievable year we played so well
pretty much in every single event and
you know this forum this lens is
incredible so can't see that happening
anytime soon but I didn't want to make a
jump to number one that's the goal sure
just a quick line on one Monica if he
makes it obviously he had a great week
and have all the fans behind you money I
think you've been out there seeing all
the Argentine strips yeah you get some
little support here i might play them
actually a few years ago here and sign a
set and a break for managed to come back
and as you know i'm very well probably
better than I know Djokovic practice
with one when we were in barcelona i
went to same academy in spain at sanchez
kosel so I know it's going very well
really good going and he said a
fantastic week